Review during July sprint (#75)
carpentries-incubator/managing-computational-projects: _episodes/04-rdm.md

> - **Reusable**: Data should be well-described so that they can be used, combined, and extended in different settings.
{: .callout}

Making data ‘FAIR’ is not the same as making it ‘open’. Accessible means that there is a procedure in place to access the data. Data should be as open as possible, and as closed as necessary. It is also important to say that the FAIR principles are aspirational: they do not strictly define how to achieve a state of FAIRness, but rather describe a continuum of features, attributes, and behaviours that will move a digital resource closer to that goal. Even though the FAIR principles have been defined to allow machines to find and use digital objects automatically, they improve the reusability of data by humans as well. The capacity of computational systems to find, access, interoperate, and reuse data, with minimal human intervention, is essential in today’s data-driven era.

You can find a more detailed [overview of the FAIR principles by GO FAIR](https://www.go-fair.org/fair-principles) of what the FAIR principles recommend.

### Summary of "FAIR - How To"

> > We have provided an additional lesson to discuss the How-Tos of FAIR principles in the context of data and software. Please see details in [](../../_extra/-4-FAIRHowTo.md).

Author: ```suggestion
> We have provided an additional lesson to discuss the How-Tos of FAIR principles in the context of data and software. See [FAIR How-To for data and software](../../_extra/-4-FAIRHowTo.md) for detail.
```
